[ Music ]
>> Brandon Ziemke: Hi.
My name's Brandon Ziemke.
I grew up in Virginia.
When I was 3 I moved to Seattle,
when I was 5 I moved here.
And, I pretty much knew I had a
disability since the day I was born.
School is pretty good some days, sometimes.
I think that Steve probably has been a big help.
I think overcoming obstacles sometimes.
I had to work on reading and
writing and using my muscles.
Like I didn't know how to ride
a bike until about 10 years ago.
I took it upon myself to learn
and it just came, came to me yeah.
Like I think I've been trying ever
since I was young to shoot a basket.
And, one day when I was in middle school I just
finally did five shots in a row, five baskets,
after a lot of misses and
trying and trying and trying.
Yeah.
I didn't want to be special needs people.
I wanted to be in the movies, I
wanted to be in the normal classes,
I wanted to be in [inaudible] with those people
because I felt like that was important to me.
Yes I have very high expectations of myself.
There were teachers, the people at my job now,
there are people at Kawasaki's,
there are people here on campus.
I mean the list just goes
on and on and on of people.
I have people here like [inaudible]
helped me learn to cook and clean
and do laundry and do math and stuff like that.
Yeah.
I do washing dishes, I do all sorts
of stuff in the kitchen around here.
And, it just kind of like community based.
You know, you have friends that
you can talk to and stuff at work.
I'm good at communicating.
I'm good at getting things
done as fast as possible.
There's always stuff to do.
There's never a boring moment at work.
Oh I feel really good about it.
And, I feel like I'm helping other people with
disabilities get better, because they're people
like me, that's why this is supposed to happen.
Yeah.
I really want to become an actor.
That's seriously something I'm
considering doing some day.
I've been in plays before
and I've done shows before.
And, I just want to someday
get that a little bit better.
My dream job would be V Productions in
Minneapolis that does Sesame Street Live.
I'd probably want to do like
marketing or something like that.
Like if you're doing a good job now,
don't give up because you're going
to get a job that you love someday.
[ Music ]
[ Silence ]